In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. (Gen 1:1)
And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof. (Gen 2:19)
And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living. (Gen 3:20)
And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD. (Gen 4:1)
And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. (Gen 4:2)
And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch. (Gen 4:17)
And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech. (Gen 4:18)
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. (Gen 4:19)
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle. (Gen 4:20)
And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ. (Gen 4:21)
And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah. (Gen 4:22)
And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew. (Gen 4:25)
And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD. (Gen 4:26)
And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: (Gen 5:9)
And Cainan lived seventy years, and begat Mahalaleel: (Gen 5:12)
And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: (Gen 5:15)
And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: (Gen 5:18)
And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: (Gen 5:21)
And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech: (Gen 5:25)
And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed. (Gen 5:29)
And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth. (Gen 5:32)
And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan. (Gen 9:18)
The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. (Gen 10:2)
And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. (Gen 10:3)
And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. (Gen 10:4)
And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan. (Gen 10:6)
And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtecha: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan. (Gen 10:7)
And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth. (Gen 10:8)
Out of that land went forth Asshur, and builded Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah, (Gen 10:11)
And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, (Gen 10:13)
And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim. (Gen 10:14)
And Canaan begat Sidon his firstborn, and Heth, (Gen 10:15)
And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite, (Gen 10:16)
And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, (Gen 10:17)
And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abroad. (Gen 10:18)
Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born. (Gen 10:21)
The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. (Gen 10:22)
And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash. (Gen 10:23)
And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber. (Gen 10:24)
And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan. (Gen 10:25)
And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, (Gen 10:26)
And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, (Gen 10:27)
And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, (Gen 10:28)
And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan. (Gen 10:29)
And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: (Gen 11:18)
And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: (Gen 11:20)
And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: (Gen 11:22)
And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: (Gen 11:24)
And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran. (Gen 11:26)
Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot. (Gen 11:27)
And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah. (Gen 11:29)
The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. (Gen 12:15)
And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations; (Gen 14:1)
That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar. (Gen 14:2)
And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram. (Gen 14:13)
And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God. (Gen 14:18)
And Abram said, Lord GOD, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus? (Gen 15:2)
Now Sarai Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar. (Gen 16:1)
And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with child, and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because the LORD hath heard thy affliction. (Gen 16:11)
And God said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him. (Gen 17:19)
And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters. (Gen 19:30)
And the firstborn bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day. (Gen 19:37)
And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day. (Gen 19:38)
And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah. (Gen 20:2)
And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest: (Gen 21:22)
Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram, (Gen 22:21)
And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel. (Gen 22:22)
And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother. (Gen 22:23)
And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah. (Gen 22:24)
And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, (Gen 23:8)
And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the well. (Gen 24:29)
Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah. (Gen 25:1)
And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. (Gen 25:2)
And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim. (Gen 25:3)
And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah. (Gen 25:4)
And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, (Gen 25:13)
And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, (Gen 25:14)
Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: (Gen 25:15)
And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau. (Gen 25:25)
And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore years old when she bare them. (Gen 25:26)
Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army. (Gen 26:26)
And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite: (Gen 26:34)
Then went Esau unto Ishmael, and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife. (Gen 28:9)
And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep. (Gen 29:6)
And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel. (Gen 29:16)
And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid. (Gen 29:24)
And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid. (Gen 29:29)
And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me. (Gen 29:32)
And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard that I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon. (Gen 29:33)
And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi. (Gen 29:34)
And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing. (Gen 29:35)
And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan. (Gen 30:6)
And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali. (Gen 30:8)
And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she called his name Gad. (Gen 30:11)
And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher. (Gen 30:13)
And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar. (Gen 30:18)
And Leah said, God hath endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun. (Gen 30:20)
And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah. (Gen 30:21)
And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son. (Gen 30:24)
And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the city. (Gen 33:18)
And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an hundred pieces of money. (Gen 33:19)
But Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth. (Gen 35:8)
And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin. (Gen 35:18)
Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite; (Gen 36:2)
And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bare Reuel; (Gen 36:4)
And Aholibamah bare Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, which were born unto him in the land of Canaan. (Gen 36:5)
And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz. (Gen 36:11)
And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau's wife. (Gen 36:12)
And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife. (Gen 36:13)
Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah. (Gen 36:16)
These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, (Gen 36:20)
And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom. (Gen 36:21)
And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna. (Gen 36:22)
And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam. (Gen 36:23)
And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father. (Gen 36:24)
And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah. (Gen 36:25)
And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. (Gen 36:26)
The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan. (Gen 36:27)
The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran. (Gen 36:28)
And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah. (Gen 36:32)
And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead. (Gen 36:33)
And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead. (Gen 36:34)
And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith. (Gen 36:35)
And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead. (Gen 36:36)
And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead. (Gen 36:37)
And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. (Gen 36:38)
And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab. (Gen 36:39)
And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth, (Gen 36:40)
Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon, (Gen 36:41)
Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar, (Gen 36:42)
Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites. (Gen 36:43)
And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard. (Gen 37:36)
And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah. (Gen 38:1)
And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in unto her. (Gen 38:2)
And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er. (Gen 38:3)
And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Onan. (Gen 38:4)
And she yet again conceived, and bare a son; and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bare him. (Gen 38:5)
And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar. (Gen 38:6)
And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, How hast thou broken forth? this breach be upon thee: therefore his name was called Pharez. (Gen 38:29)
And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zarah. (Gen 38:30)
And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On. And Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt. (Gen 41:45)
And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For God, said he, hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house. (Gen 41:51)
And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction. (Gen 41:52)
And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi. (Gen 46:9)
And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman. (Gen 46:10)
And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. (Gen 46:11)
And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zerah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul. (Gen 46:12)
And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron. (Gen 46:13)
And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. (Gen 46:14)
And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. (Gen 46:16)
And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel. (Gen 46:17)
And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard. (Gen 46:21)
And the sons of Dan; Hushim. (Gen 46:23)
And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. (Gen 46:24)
And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph's knees. (Gen 50:23)
Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for Pharaoh treasure cities, Pithom and Raamses. (Exo 1:11)
And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives, of which the name of the one was Shiphrah, and the name of the other Puah: (Exo 1:15)
And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river's side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it. (Exo 2:5)
And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water. (Exo 2:10)
And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that ye are come so soon to day? (Exo 2:18)
And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter. (Exo 2:21)
And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land. (Exo 2:22)
Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt. (Exo 3:10)
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart. (Exo 4:14)
The sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their families. (Exo 6:17)
And the sons of Kohath; Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel: and the years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three years. (Exo 6:18)
And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families of Levi according to their generations. (Exo 6:19)
And Amram took him Jochebed his father's sister to wife; and she bare him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram were an hundred and thirty and seven years. (Exo 6:20)
And the sons of Izhar; Korah, and Nepheg, and Zichri. (Exo 6:21)
And the sons of Uzziel; Mishael, and Elzaphan, and Zithri. (Exo 6:22)
And Aaron took him Elisheba, daughter of Amminadab, sister of Naashon, to wife; and she bare him Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. (Exo 6:23)
And the sons of Korah; Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph: these are the families of the Korhites. (Exo 6:24)
And Eleazar Aaron's son took him one of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she bare him Phinehas: these are the heads of the fathers of the Levites according to their families. (Exo 6:25)
And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances. (Exo 15:20)
And Moses said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand. (Exo 17:9)
So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill. (Exo 17:10)
And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh: (Exo 18:4)
See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah: (Exo 31:2)
And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee; (Exo 31:6)
And the LORD spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend. And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle. (Exo 33:11)
And thou shalt not let any of thy seed pass through the fire to Molech, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD. (Lev 18:21)
And the Israelitish woman's son blasphemed the name of the LORD, and cursed. And they brought him unto Moses: (and his mother's name was Shelomith, the daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:) (Lev 24:11)
And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur. (Num 1:5)
Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai. (Num 1:6)
Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar. (Num 1:8)
Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon. (Num 1:9)
Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur. (Num 1:10)
Of Benjamin; Abidan the son of Gideoni. (Num 1:11)
Of Dan; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai. (Num 1:12)
Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran. (Num 1:13)
Of Gad; Eliasaph the son of Deuel. (Num 1:14)
Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan. (Num 1:15)
On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud. (Num 2:18)
And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael. (Num 3:24)
And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward. (Num 3:35)
And Moses said unto Hobab, the son of Raguel the Midianite, Moses' father in law, We are journeying unto the place of which the LORD said, I will give it you: come thou with us, and we will do thee good: for the LORD hath spoken good concerning I
But there remained two of the men in the camp, the name of the one was Eldad, and the name of the other Medad: and the spirit rested upon them; and they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the tabernacle: and they prophesied in
And these were their names: of the tribe of Reuben, Shammua the son of Zaccur. (Num 13:4)
Of the tribe of Simeon, Shaphat the son of Hori. (Num 13:5)
Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh. (Num 13:6)
Of the tribe of Issachar, Igal the son of Joseph. (Num 13:7)
Of the tribe of Benjamin, Palti the son of Raphu. (Num 13:9)
Of the tribe of Zebulun, Gaddiel the son of Sodi. (Num 13:10)
Of the tribe of Joseph, namely, of the tribe of Manasseh, Gaddi the son of Susi. (Num 13:11)
Of the tribe of Dan, Ammiel the son of Gemalli. (Num 13:12)
Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael. (Num 13:13)
Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of Vophsi. (Num 13:14)
Of the tribe of Gad, Geuel the son of Machi. (Num 13:15)
And they ascended by the south, and came unto Hebron; where Ahiman, Sheshai, and Talmai, the children of Anak, were. (Now Hebron was built seven years before Zoan in Egypt.) (Num 13:22)
Now Korah, the son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, and Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, and On, the son of Peleth, sons of Reuben, took men: (Num 16:1)
And when king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies; then he fought against Israel, and took some of them prisoners. (Num 21:1)
And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, saying, (Num 21:21)
Woe to thee, Moab! thou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto Sihon king of the Amorites. (Num 21:29)
And they turned and went up by the way of Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at Edrei. (Num 21:33)
And Balak the son of Zippor saw all that Israel had done to the Amorites. (Num 22:2)
He sent messengers therefore unto Balaam the son of Beor to Pethor, which is by the river of the land of the children of his people, to call him, saying, Behold, there is a people come out from Egypt: behold, they cover the face of the earth, and
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up into the high places of Baal, that thence he might see the utmost part of the people. (Num 22:41)
He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted. (Num 24:7)
Now the name of the Israelite that was slain, even that was slain with the Midianitish woman, was Zimri, the son of Salu, a prince of a chief house among the Simeonites. (Num 25:14)
And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, the daughter of Zur; he was head over a people, and of a chief house in Midian. (Num 25:15)
And the sons of Eliab; Nemuel, and Dathan, and Abiram. This is that Dathan and Abiram, which were famous in the congregation, who strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah, when they strove against the LORD: (Num 26:9)
Of the sons of Manasseh: of Machir, the family of the Machirites: and Machir begat Gilead: of Gilead come the family of the Gileadites. (Num 26:29)
These are the sons of Gilead: of Jeezer, the family of the Jeezerites: of Helek, the family of the Helekites: (Num 26:30)
And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and of Shechem, the family of the Shechemites: (Num 26:31)
And of Shemida, the family of the Shemidaites: and of Hepher, the family of the Hepherites. (Num 26:32)
And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons, but daughters: and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad were Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah. (Num 26:33)
These are the sons of Ephraim after their families: of Shuthelah, the family of the Shuthalhites: of Becher, the family of the Bachrites: of Tahan, the family of the Tahanites. (Num 26:35)
And these are the sons of Shuthelah: of Eran, the family of the Eranites. (Num 26:36)
The sons of Benjamin after their families: of Bela, the family of the Belaites: of Ashbel, the family of the Ashbelites: of Ahiram, the family of the Ahiramites: (Num 26:38)
And the sons of Bela were Ard and Naaman: of Ard, the family of the Ardites: and of Naaman, the family of the Naamites. (Num 26:40)
And they slew the kings of Midian, beside the rest of them that were slain; namely, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, five kings of Midian: Balaam also the son of Beor they slew with the sword. (Num 31:8)
And Jair the son of Manasseh went and took the small towns thereof, and called them Havothjair. (Num 32:41)
And Nobah went and took Kenath, and the villages thereof, and called it Nobah, after his own name. (Num 32:42)
And of the tribe of the children of Simeon, Shemuel the son of Ammihud. (Num 34:20)
Of the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad the son of Chislon. (Num 34:21)
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Dan, Bukki the son of Jogli. (Num 34:22)
The prince of the children of Joseph, for the tribe of the children of Manasseh, Hanniel the son of Ephod. (Num 34:23)
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Ephraim, Kemuel the son of Shiphtan. (Num 34:24)
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun, Elizaphan the son of Parnach. (Num 34:25)
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar, Paltiel the son of Azzan. (Num 34:26)
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher, Ahihud the son of Shelomi. (Num 34:27)
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Naphtali, Pedahel the son of Ammihud. (Num 34:28)
And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying, Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there. (Jos 2:1)
But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, took of the accursed thing: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against the children
Now it came to pass, when Adonizedek king of Jerusalem had heard how Joshua had taken Ai, and had utterly destroyed it; as he had done to Jericho and her king, so he had done to Ai and her king; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace wi
Wherefore Adonizedek king of Jerusalem sent unto Hoham king of Hebron, and unto Piram king of Jarmuth, and unto Japhia king of Lachish, and unto Debir king of Eglon, saying, (Jos 10:3)
And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go down about a whole day. (Jos
Then Horam king of Gezer came up to help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining. (Jos 10:33)
And it came to pass, when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things, that he sent to Jobab king of Madon, and to the king of Shimron, and to the king of Achshaph, (Jos 11:1)
And the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba; which Arba was a great man among the Anakims. And the land had rest from war. (Jos 14:15)
And the border went up to Bethhogla, and passed along by the north of Betharabah; and the border went up to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben: (Jos 15:6)
And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife. (Jos 15:16)
And Othniel the son of Kenaz, the brother of Caleb, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife. (Jos 15:17)
And they found Adonibezek in Bezek: and they fought against him, and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites. (Jdg 1:5)
Therefore the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years. (Jdg 3:8)
And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, because they had done evil in the sight of the LORD. (Jdg 3:12)
But when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised them up a deliverer, Ehud the son of Gera, a Benjamite, a man lefthanded: and by him the children of Israel sent a present unto Eglon the king of Moab. (Jdg 3:15)
And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel. (Jdg 3:31)
And the LORD sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, that reigned in Hazor; the captain of whose host was Sisera, which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles. (Jdg 4:2)
And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time. (Jdg 4:4)
And she sent and called Barak the son of Abinoam out of Kedeshnaphtali, and said unto him, Hath not the LORD God of Israel commanded, saying, Go and draw toward mount Tabor, and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of t
Now Heber the Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had severed himself from the Kenites, and pitched his tent unto the plain of Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh. (Jdg 4:11)
Howbeit Sisera fled away on his feet to the tent of Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite: for there was peace between Jabin the king of Hazor and the house of Heber the Kenite. (Jdg 4:17)
And there came an angel of the LORD, and sat under an oak which was in Ophrah, that pertained unto Joash the Abiezrite: and his son Gideon threshed wheat by the winepress, to hide it from the Midianites. (Jdg 6:11)
But if thou fear to go down, go thou with Phurah thy servant down to the host: (Jdg 7:10)
And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew Oreb upon the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and pursued Midian, and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other side Jordan. (Jdg 7:
And he said unto the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread unto the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian. (Jdg 8:5)
And he said unto Jether his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth drew not his sword: for he feared, because he was yet a youth. (Jdg 8:20)
And his concubine that was in Shechem, she also bare him a son, whose name he called Abimelech. (Jdg 8:31)
And he went unto his father's house at Ophrah, and slew his brethren the sons of Jerubbaal, being threescore and ten persons, upon one stone: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was left; for he hid himself. (Jdg 9:5)
And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brethren, and went over to Shechem: and the men of Shechem put their confidence in him. (Jdg 9:26)
And Gaal the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? is not he the son of Jerubbaal? and Zebul his officer? serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem: for why should we serve him? (Jdg 9:28)
And after Abimelech there arose to defend Israel Tola the son of Puah, the son of Dodo, a man of Issachar; and he dwelt in Shamir in mount Ephraim. (Jdg 10:1)
And after him arose Jair, a Gileadite, and judged Israel twenty and two years. (Jdg 10:3)
Now Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valour, and he was the son of an harlot: and Gilead begat Jephthah. (Jdg 11:1)
And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel. (Jdg 12:8)
And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years. (Jdg 12:11)
And after him Abdon the son of Hillel, a Pirathonite, judged Israel. (Jdg 12:13)
And there was a certain man of Zorah, of the family of the Danites, whose name was Manoah; and his wife was barren, and bare not. (Jdg 13:2)
And the woman bare a son, and called his name Samson: and the child grew, and the LORD blessed him. (Jdg 13:24)
And it came to pass afterward, that he loved a woman in the valley of Sorek, whose name was Delilah. (Jdg 16:4)
Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagon their god, and to rejoice: for they said, Our god hath delivered Samson our enemy into our hand. (Jdg 16:23)
And there was a man of mount Ephraim, whose name was Micah. (Jdg 17:1)
And the children of Dan set up the graven image: and Jonathan, the son of Gershom, the son of Manasseh, he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land. (Jdg 18:30)
And the name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they came into the country of Moab, and continued there. (Rut 1:2)
And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years. (Rut 1:4)
And Naomi had a kinsman of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech; and his name was Boaz. (Rut 2:1)
And the women her neighbours gave it a name, saying, There is a son born to Naomi; and they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father of David. (Rut 4:17)
And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab, (Rut 4:19)
And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon, (Rut 4:20)
Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of mount Ephraim, and his name was Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephrathite: (1Sa 1:1)
And he had two wives; the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and Peninnah had children, but Hannah had no children. (1Sa 1:2)
And this man went up out of his city yearly to worship and to sacrifice unto the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, the priests of the LORD, were there. (1Sa 1:3)
Wherefore it came to pass, when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived, that she bare a son, and called his name Samuel, saying, Because I have asked him of the LORD. (1Sa 1:20)
And she named the child Ichabod, saying, The glory is departed from Israel: because the ark of God was taken, and because of her father in law and her husband. (1Sa 4:21)
And the cart came into the field of Joshua, a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there was a great stone: and they clave the wood of the cart, and offered the kine a burnt offering unto the LORD. (1Sa 6:14)
And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of the LORD, and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD. (1Sa 7:1)
Now the name of his firstborn was Joel; and the name of his second, Abiah: they were judges in Beersheba. (1Sa 8:2)
Now there was a man of Benjamin, whose name was Kish, the son of Abiel, the son of Zeror, the son of Bechorath, the son of Aphiah, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power. (1Sa 9:1)
And he had a son, whose name was Saul, a choice young man, and a goodly: and there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he: from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people. (1Sa 9:2)
When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the family of Matri was taken, and Saul the son of Kish was taken: and when they sought him, he could not be found. (1Sa 10:21)
Then Nahash the Ammonite came up, and encamped against Jabeshgilead: and all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash, Make a covenant with us, and we will serve thee. (1Sa 11:1)
And the LORD sent Jerubbaal, and Bedan, and Jephthah, and Samuel, and delivered you out of the hand of your enemies on every side, and ye dwelled safe. (1Sa 12:11)
Saul chose him three thousand men of Israel; whereof two thousand were with Saul in Michmash and in mount Bethel, and a thousand were with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin: and the rest of the people he sent every man to his tent. (1Sa 13:2)
And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub, Ichabod's brother, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eli, the LORD'S priest in Shiloh, wearing an ephod. And the people knew not that Jonathan was gone. (1Sa 14:3)
Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and the name of the younger Michal: (1Sa 14:49)
And the name of Saul's wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of Ahimaaz: and the name of the captain of his host was Abner, the son of Ner, Saul's uncle. (1Sa 14:50)
And he took Agag the king of the Amalekites alive, and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword. (1Sa 15:8)
And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the LORD'S anointed is before him. (1Sa 16:6)
Then Jesse called Abinadab, and made him pass before Samuel. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this. (1Sa 16:8)
Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this. (1Sa 16:9)
And there went out a champion out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height was six cubits and a span. (1Sa 17:4)
But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul's daughter should have been given to David, that she was given unto Adriel the Meholathite to wife. (1Sa 18:19)
Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day, detained before the LORD; and his name was Doeg, an Edomite, the chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul. (1Sa 21:7)
And David arose, and fled that day for fear of Saul, and went to Achish the king of Gath. (1Sa 21:10)
And the prophet Gad said unto David, Abide not in the hold; depart, and get thee into the land of Judah. Then David departed, and came into the forest of Hareth. (1Sa 22:5)
And one of the sons of Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, named Abiathar, escaped, and fled after David. (1Sa 22:20)
Now the name of the man was Nabal; and the name of his wife Abigail: and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance: but the man was churlish and evil in his doings; and he was of the house of Caleb. (1Sa 25:3)
David also took Ahinoam of Jezreel; and they were also both of them his wives. (1Sa 25:43)
But Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to Phalti the son of Laish, which was of Gallim. (1Sa 25:44)
Then Saul arose, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, having three thousand chosen men of Israel with him, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph. (1Sa 26:2)
Then answered David and said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah, brother to Joab, saying, Who will go down with me to Saul to the camp? And Abishai said, I will go down with thee. (1Sa 26:6)
And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that were with him unto Achish, the son of Maoch, king of Gath. (1Sa 27:2)
But Abner the son of Ner, captain of Saul's host, took Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and brought him over to Mahanaim; (2Sa 2:8)
And there were three sons of Zeruiah there, Joab, and Abishai, and Asahel: and Asahel was as light of foot as a wild roe. (2Sa 2:18)
And unto David were sons born in Hebron: and his firstborn was Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; (2Sa 3:2)
And his second, Chileab, of Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur; (2Sa 3:3)
And the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith; and the fifth, Shephatiah the son of Abital; (2Sa 3:4)
And the sixth, Ithream, by Eglah David's wife. These were born to David in Hebron. (2Sa 3:5)
And Saul had a concubine, whose name was Rizpah, the daughter of Aiah: and Ishbosheth said to Abner, Wherefore hast thou gone in unto my father's concubine? (2Sa 3:7)
And Saul's son had two men that were captains of bands: the name of the one was Baanah, and the name of the other Rechab, the sons of Rimmon a Beerothite, of the children of Benjamin: (for Beeroth also was reckoned to Benjamin: (2Sa 4:2)
And Jonathan, Saul's son, had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezreel, and his nurse took him up, and fled: and it came to pass, as she made haste to flee, that he fell, and
And Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and cedar trees, and carpenters, and masons: and they built David an house. (2Sa 5:11)
And these be the names of those that were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, (2Sa 5:14)
Ibhar also, and Elishua, and Nepheg, and Japhia, (2Sa 5:15)
And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphalet. (2Sa 5:16)
And they set the ark of God upon a new cart, and brought it out of the house of Abinadab that was in Gibeah: and Uzzah and Ahio, the sons of Abinadab, drave the new cart. (2Sa 6:3)
So David would not remove the ark of the LORD unto him into the city of David: but David carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite. (2Sa 6:10)
That the king said unto Nathan the prophet, See now, I dwell in an house of cedar, but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains. (2Sa 7:2)
David smote also Hadadezer, the son of Rehob, king of Zobah, as he went to recover his border at the river Euphrates. (2Sa 8:3)
When Toi king of Hamath heard that David had smitten all the host of Hadadezer, (2Sa 8:9)
Then Toi sent Joram his son unto king David, to salute him, and to bless him, because he had fought against Hadadezer, and smitten him: for Hadadezer had wars with Toi. And Joram brought with him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessel
And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder; (2Sa 8:16)
And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Seraiah was the scribe; (2Sa 8:17)
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and David's sons were chief rulers. (2Sa 8:18)
And there was of the house of Saul a servant whose name was Ziba. And when they had called him unto David, the king said unto him, Art thou Ziba? And he said, Thy servant is he. (2Sa 9:2)
And the king said unto him, Where is he? And Ziba said unto the king, Behold, he is in the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, in Lodebar. (2Sa 9:4)
And Mephibosheth had a young son, whose name was Micha. And all that dwelt in the house of Ziba were servants unto Mephibosheth. (2Sa 9:12)
And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children of Ammon died, and Hanun his son reigned in his stead. (2Sa 10:1)
Then said David, I will shew kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, as his father shewed kindness unto me. And David sent to comfort him by the hand of his servants for his father. And David's servants came into the land of the children of Ammon.
And Hadarezer sent, and brought out the Syrians that were beyond the river: and they came to Helam; and Shobach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them. (2Sa 10:16)
And David sent and enquired after the woman. And one said, Is not this Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite? (2Sa 11:3)
Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall, that he died in Thebez? why went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also. (2Sa 11:21)
And it came to pass after this, that Absalom the son of David had a fair sister, whose name was Tamar; and Amnon the son of David loved her. (2Sa 13:1)
But Amnon had a friend, whose name was Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother: and Jonadab was a very subtil man. (2Sa 13:3)
But Absalom fled, and went to Talmai, the son of Ammihud, king of Geshur. And David mourned for his son every day. (2Sa 13:37)
And unto Absalom there were born three sons, and one daughter, whose name was Tamar: she was a woman of a fair countenance. (2Sa 14:27)
And Absalom sent for Ahithophel the Gilonite, David's counsellor, from his city, even from Giloh, while he offered sacrifices. And the conspiracy was strong; for the people increased continually with Absalom. (2Sa 15:12)
Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou also with us? return to thy place, and abide with the king: for thou art a stranger, and also an exile. (2Sa 15:19)
The king said also unto Zadok the priest, Art not thou a seer? return into the city in peace, and your two sons with you, Ahimaaz thy son, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar. (2Sa 15:27)
And it came to pass, that when David was come to the top of the mount, where he worshipped God, behold, Hushai the Archite came to meet him with his coat rent, and earth upon his head: (2Sa 15:32)
And when king David came to Bahurim, behold, thence came out a man of the family of the house of Saul, whose name was Shimei, the son of Gera: he came forth, and cursed still as he came. (2Sa 16:5)
And Absalom made Amasa captain of the host instead of Joab: which Amasa was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an Israelite, that went in to Abigail the daughter of Nahash, sister to Zeruiah Joab's mother. (2Sa 17:25)
And it came to pass, when David was come to Mahanaim, that Shobi the son of Nahash of Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and Machir the son of Ammiel of Lodebar, and Barzillai the Gileadite of Rogelim, (2Sa 17:27)
Then said Joab to Cushi, Go tell the king what thou hast seen. And Cushi bowed himself unto Joab, and ran. (2Sa 18:21)
Let thy servant, I pray thee, turn back again, that I may die in mine own city, and be buried by the grave of my father and of my mother. But behold thy servant Chimham; let him go over with my lord the king; and do to him what shall seem good un
And there happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and said, We have no part in David, neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to his tents, O Israel. (2
And Adoram was over the tribute: and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder: (2Sa 20:24)
And Ira also the Jairite was a chief ruler about David. (2Sa 20:26)
But the king took the two sons of Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, whom she bare unto Saul, Armoni and Mephibosheth; and the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul, whom she brought up for Adriel the son of Barzillai the Meholathite: (2Sa 21:8)
And Ishbibenob, which was of the sons of the giant, the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of brass in weight, he being girded with a new sword, thought to have slain David. (2Sa 21:16)
And it came to pass after this, that there was again a battle with the Philistines at Gob: then Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Saph, which was of the sons of the giant. (2Sa 21:18)
And there was again a battle in Gob with the Philistines, where Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim, a Bethlehemite, slew the brother of Goliath the Gittite, the staff of whose spear was like a weaver's beam. (2Sa 21:19)
And there was yet a battle in Gath, where was a man of great stature, that had on every hand six fingers, and on every foot six toes, four and twenty in number; and he also was born to the giant. (2Sa 21:20)
These be the names of the mighty men whom David had: The Tachmonite that sat in the seat, chief among the captains; the same was Adino the Eznite: he lift up his spear against eight hundred, whom he slew at one time. (2Sa 23:8)
And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite, one of the three mighty men with David, when they defied the Philistines that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were gone away: (2Sa 23:9)
And after him was Shammah the son of Agee the Hararite. And the Philistines were gathered together into a troop, where was a piece of ground full of lentiles: and the people fled from the Philistines. (2Sa 23:11)
Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty; Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem, (2Sa 23:24)
Shammah the Harodite, Elika the Harodite, (2Sa 23:25)
Helez the Paltite, Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, (2Sa 23:26)
Abiezer the Anethothite, Mebunnai the Hushathite, (2Sa 23:27)
Zalmon the Ahohite, Maharai the Netophathite, (2Sa 23:28)
Heleb the son of Baanah, a Netophathite, Ittai the son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children of Benjamin, (2Sa 23:29)
Benaiah the Pirathonite, Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash, (2Sa 23:30)
Abialbon the Arbathite, Azmaveth the Barhumite, (2Sa 23:31)
Eliahba the Shaalbonite, of the sons of Jashen, Jonathan, (2Sa 23:32)
Shammah the Hararite, Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararite, (2Sa 23:33)
Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai, the son of the Maachathite, Eliam the son of Ahithophel the Gilonite, (2Sa 23:34)
Hezrai the Carmelite, Paarai the Arbite, (2Sa 23:35)
Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah, Bani the Gadite, (2Sa 23:36)
Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Beerothite, armourbearer to Joab the son of Zeruiah, (2Sa 23:37)
Ira an Ithrite, Gareb an Ithrite, (2Sa 23:38)
And when the angel stretched out his hand upon Jerusalem to destroy it, the LORD repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed the people, It is enough: stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD was by the threshingplace of
So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of Israel, and found Abishag a Shunammite, and brought her to the king. (1Ki 1:3)
But Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and Nathan the prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and the mighty men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah. (1Ki 1:8)
And Solomon made affinity with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh's daughter, and brought her into the city of David, until he had made an end of building his own house, and the house of the LORD, and the wall of Jerusalem round about. (1Ki
And these were the princes which he had; Azariah the son of Zadok the priest, (1Ki 4:2)
Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, scribes; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, the recorder. (1Ki 4:3)
And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of Nathan was principal officer, and the king's friend: (1Ki 4:5)
And Ahishar was over the household: and Adoniram the son of Abda was over the tribute. (1Ki 4:6)
And these are their names: The son of Hur, in mount Ephraim: (1Ki 4:8)
The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Bethshemesh, and Elonbethhanan: (1Ki 4:9)
The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of Hepher: (1Ki 4:10)
The son of Abinadab, in all the region of Dor; which had Taphath the daughter of Solomon to wife: (1Ki 4:11)
Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam: (1Ki 4:12)
The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brasen bars: (1Ki 4:13)
Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim: (1Ki 4:14)
Ahimaaz was in Naphtali; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to wife: (1Ki 4:15)
Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth: (1Ki 4:16)
Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah, in Issachar: (1Ki 4:17)
Shimei the son of Elah, in Benjamin: (1Ki 4:18)
Geber the son of Uri was in the country of Gilead, in the country of Sihon king of the Amorites, and of Og king of Bashan; and he was the only officer which was in the land. (1Ki 4:19)
For he was wiser than all men; than Ethan the Ezrahite, and Heman, and Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol: and his fame was in all nations round about. (1Ki 4:31)
And king Solomon sent and fetched Hiram out of Tyre. (1Ki 7:13)
And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the name of the LORD, she came to prove him with hard questions. (1Ki 10:1)
For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites. (1Ki 11:5)
And the LORD stirred up an adversary unto Solomon, Hadad the Edomite: he was of the king's seed in Edom. (1Ki 11:14)
And Hadad found great favour in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen. (1Ki 11:19)
And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son, whom Tahpenes weaned in Pharaoh's house: and Genubath was in Pharaoh's household among the sons of Pharaoh. (1Ki 11:20)
And God stirred him up another adversary, Rezon the son of Eliadah, which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah: (1Ki 11:23)
And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was Zeruah, a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king. (1Ki 11:26)
And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field: (1Ki 11:29)
Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam. And Jeroboam arose, and fled into Egypt, unto Shishak king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon. (1Ki 11:40)
And Solomon slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 11:43)
But the word of God came unto Shemaiah the man of God, saying, (1Ki 12:22)
And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD, and said, O altar, altar, thus saith the LORD; Behold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah by name; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn in
At that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam fell sick. (1Ki 14:1)
And the days which Jeroboam reigned were two and twenty years: and he slept with his fathers, and Nadab his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 14:20)
And Rehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah. Rehoboam was forty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD did choose out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there.
And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 14:31)
Three years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom. (1Ki 15:2)
And Abijam slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 15:8)
And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days. (1Ki 15:16)
Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and delivered them into the hand of his servants: and king Asa sent them to Benhadad, the son of Tabrimon,
And Asa slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 15:24)
And Baasha the son of Ahijah, of the house of Issachar, conspired against him; and Baasha smote him at Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines; for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to Gibbethon. (1Ki 15:27)
Then the word of the LORD came to Jehu the son of Hanani against Baasha, saying, (1Ki 16:1)
So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 16:6)
And his servant Zimri, captain of half his chariots, conspired against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah. (1Ki 16:9)
And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wherefore all Israel made Omri, the captain of the host, king over Israel that day in the camp. (1Ki 16:16)
Then were the people of Israel divided into two parts: half of the people followed Tibni the son of Ginath, to make him king; and half followed Omri. (1Ki 16:21)
And he bought the hill Samaria of Shemer for two talents of silver, and built on the hill, and called the name of the city which he built, after the name of Shemer, owner of the hill, Samaria. (1Ki 16:24)
So Omri slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria: and Ahab his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 16:28)
And it came to pass, as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he took to wife Jezebel the daughter of Ethbaal king of the Zidonians, and went and served Baal, and worshipped him. (1Ki 16:31)
In his days did Hiel the Bethelite build Jericho: he laid the foundation thereof in Abiram his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof in his youngest son Segub, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by Joshua the son of Nun. (1Ki 16:
And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, As the LORD God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word. (1Ki 17:1)
And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the governor of his house. (Now Obadiah feared the LORD greatly: (1Ki 18:3)
And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the wilderness of Damascus: and when thou comest, anoint Hazael to be king over Syria: (1Ki 19:15)
And Jehu the son of Nimshi shalt thou anoint to be king over Israel: and Elisha the son of Shaphat of Abelmeholah shalt thou anoint to be prophet in thy room. (1Ki 19:16)
And it came to pass after these things, that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard, which was in Jezreel, hard by the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. (1Ki 21:1)
And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so
And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made him horns of iron: and he said, Thus saith the LORD, With these shalt thou push the Syrians, until thou have consumed them. (1Ki 22:11)
And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son; (1Ki 22:26)
So Ahab slept with his fathers; and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 22:40)
Jehoshaphat was thirty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi. (1Ki 22:42)
And Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoram his son reigned in his stead. (1Ki 22:50)
And Ahaziah fell down through a lattice in his upper chamber that was in Samaria, and was sick: and he sent messengers, and said unto them, Go, enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron whether I shall recover of this disease. (2Ki 1:2)
So he died according to the word of the LORD which Elijah had spoken. And Jehoram reigned in his stead in the second year of Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah; because he had no son. (2Ki 1:17)
And Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool. (2Ki 3:4)
And he said to Gehazi his servant, Call this Shunammite. And when he had called her, she stood before him. (2Ki 4:12)
Now Naaman, captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master, and honourable, because by him the LORD had given deliverance unto Syria: he was also a mighty man in valour, but he was a leper. (2Ki 5:1)
And it came to pass after this, that Benhadad king of Syria gathered all his host, and went up, and besieged Samaria. (2Ki 6:24)
And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 8:24)
Two and twenty years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Athaliah, the daughter of Omri king of Israel. (2Ki 8:26)
And when thou comest thither, look out there Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi, and go in, and make him arise up from among his brethren, and carry him to an inner chamber; (2Ki 9:2)
And when he was departed thence, he lighted on Jehonadab the son of Rechab coming to meet him: and he saluted him, and said to him, Is thine heart right, as my heart is with thy heart? And Jehonadab answered, It is. If it be, give me thine hand.
And Jehu slept with his fathers: and they buried him in Samaria. And Jehoahaz his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 10:35)
But Jehosheba, the daughter of king Joram, sister of Ahaziah, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's sons which were slain; and they hid him, even him and his nurse, in the bedchamber from Athaliah, so that he was not
And the seventh year Jehoiada sent and fetched the rulers over hundreds, with the captains and the guard, and brought them to him into the house of the LORD, and made a covenant with them, and took an oath of them in the house of the LORD, and sh
And all the people of the land went into the house of Baal, and brake it down; his altars and his images brake they in pieces thoroughly, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars. And the priest appointed officers over the house of th
In the seventh year of Jehu Jehoash began to reign; and forty years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zibiah of Beersheba. (2Ki 12:1)
For Jozachar the son of Shimeath, and Jehozabad the son of Shomer, his servants, smote him, and he died; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Amaziah his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 12:21)
And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of Hazael king of Syria, and into the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael, all their days. (2Ki 13:3)
And Jehoahaz slept with his fathers; and they buried him in Samaria: and Joash his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 13:9)
And Joash slept with his fathers; and Jeroboam sat upon his throne: and Joash was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel. (2Ki 13:13)
He was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem. (2Ki 14:2)
And all the people of Judah took Azariah, which was sixteen years old, and made him king instead of his father Amaziah. (2Ki 14:21)
He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath unto the sea of the plain, according to the word of the LORD God of Israel, which he spake by the hand of his servant Jonah, the son of Amittai, the prophet, which was of Gathhepher. (2K
And Jeroboam slept with his fathers, even with the kings of Israel; and Zachariah his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 14:29)
Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned two and fifty years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jecholiah of Jerusalem. (2Ki 15:2)
And the LORD smote the king, so that he was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house. And Jotham the king's son was over the house, judging the people of the land. (2Ki 15:5)
And Shallum the son of Jabesh conspired against him, and smote him before the people, and slew him, and reigned in his stead. (2Ki 15:10)
For Menahem the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah, and came to Samaria, and smote Shallum the son of Jabesh in Samaria, and slew him, and reigned in his stead. (2Ki 15:14)
And Pul the king of Assyria came against the land: and Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of silver, that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand. (2Ki 15:19)
And Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 15:22)
But Pekah the son of Remaliah, a captain of his, conspired against him, and smote him in Samaria, in the palace of the king's house, with Argob and Arieh, and with him fifty men of the Gileadites: and he killed him, and reigned in his room. (2Ki
And Hoshea the son of Elah made a conspiracy against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and smote him, and slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the twentieth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah. (2Ki 15:30)
Five and twenty years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jerusha, the daughter of Zadok. (2Ki 15:33)
In those days the LORD began to send against Judah Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah. (2Ki 15:37)
And Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 15:38)
And king Ahaz went to Damascus to meet Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, and saw an altar that was at Damascus: and king Ahaz sent to Urijah the priest the fashion of the altar, and the pattern of it, according to all the workmanship thereof. (2Ki
And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 16:20)
Against him came up Shalmaneser king of Assyria; and Hoshea became his servant, and gave him presents. (2Ki 17:3)
And the king of Assyria found conspiracy in Hoshea: for he had sent messengers to So king of Egypt, and brought no present to the king of Assyria, as he had done year by year: therefore the king of Assyria shut him up, and bound him in prison. (2
And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim. (2Ki 17:31)
Twenty and five years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Abi, the daughter of Zachariah. (2Ki 18:2)
Now in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king of Assyria come up against all the fenced cities of Judah, and took them. (2Ki 18:13)
And the king of Assyria sent Tartan and Rabsaris and Rabshakeh from Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great host against Jerusalem. And they went up and came to Jerusalem. And when they were come up, they came and stood by the conduit of the upper
And when they had called to the king, there came out to them Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder. (2Ki 18:18)
Now, behold, thou trustest upon the staff of this bruised reed, even upon Egypt, on which if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt unto all that trust on him. (2Ki 18:21)
And he sent Eliakim, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests, covered with sackcloth, to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz. (2Ki 19:2)
And when he heard say of Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, Behold, he is come out to fight against thee: he sent messengers again unto Hezekiah, saying, (2Ki 19:9)
And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword: and they escaped into the land of Armenia. And Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 19:37)
At that time Berodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present unto Hezekiah: for he had heard that Hezekiah had been sick. (2Ki 20:12)
And Hezekiah slept with his fathers: and Manasseh his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 20:21)
Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hephzibah. (2Ki 21:1)
And Manasseh slept with his fathers, and was buried in the garden of his own house, in the garden of Uzza: and Amon his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 21:18)
Amon was twenty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned two years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Meshullemeth, the daughter of Haruz of Jotbah. (2Ki 21:19)
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath. (2Ki 22:1)
And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, that the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, the son of Meshullam, the scribe, to the house of the LORD, saying, (2Ki 22:3)
Go up to Hilkiah the high priest, that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people: (2Ki 22:4)
And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Achbor the son of Michaiah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asahiah a servant of the king's, saying, (2Ki 22:12)
So Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam, and Achbor, and Shaphan, and Asahiah, went unto Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college;) and they comm
And he brought all the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba, and brake down the high places of the gates that were in the entering in of the gate of Joshua th
And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun, at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain, which was in the suburbs, and burned the chariots of the sun with fire. (2Ki 23
In his days Pharaohnechoh king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates: and king Josiah went against him; and he slew him at Megiddo, when he had seen him. (2Ki 23:29)
And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddo, and brought him to Jerusalem, and buried him in his own sepulchre. And the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and anointed him, and made him king in his father's stead.
Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah. (2Ki 23:31)
And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the room of Josiah his father, and turned his name to Jehoiakim, and took Jehoahaz away: and he came to Egypt, and died there. (2Ki 23:34)
Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zebudah, the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah. (2Ki 23:36)
In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him. (2Ki 24:1)
So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead. (2Ki 24:6)
Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months. And his mother's name was Nehushta, the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem. (2Ki 24:8)
And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father's brother king in his stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah. (2Ki 24:17)
And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem: (2Ki 25:8)
And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door: (2Ki 25:18)
And as for the people that remained in the land of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, ruler. (2Ki 25:22)
And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor, there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Careah, and Seraiah the son of Tan
But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at Mizpah. (2Ki 25
And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the year that he began to reign did lift up
And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all. (1Ch 2:6)
And the sons of Ethan; Azariah. (1Ch 2:8)
The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai. (1Ch 2:9)
Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth, (1Ch 2:14)
Ozem the sixth, David the seventh: (1Ch 2:15)
And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon. (1Ch 2:18)
And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur. (1Ch 2:19)
And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub. (1Ch 2:21)
And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa. (1Ch 2:24)
And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah. (1Ch 2:25)
Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam. (1Ch 2:26)
And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker. (1Ch 2:27)
And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab, and Abishur. (1Ch 2:28)
And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid. (1Ch 2:29)
And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children. (1Ch 2:30)
And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai. (1Ch 2:31)
And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children. (1Ch 2:32)
And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel. (1Ch 2:33)
Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha. (1Ch 2:34)
And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai. (1Ch 2:35)
And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad, (1Ch 2:36)
And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed, (1Ch 2:37)
And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah, (1Ch 2:38)
And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah, (1Ch 2:39)
And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum, (1Ch 2:40)
And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama. (1Ch 2:41)
Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron. (1Ch 2:42)
And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema. (1Ch 2:43)
And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai. (1Ch 2:44)
And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Bethzur. (1Ch 2:45)
And Ephah, Caleb's concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez. (1Ch 2:46)
And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Geshan, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph. (1Ch 2:47)
Maachah, Caleb's concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah. (1Ch 2:48)
She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsah. (1Ch 2:49)
These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim, (1Ch 2:50)
Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader. (1Ch 2:51)
And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites. (1Ch 2:52)
And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab. (1Ch 2:55)
Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet, (1Ch 3:6)
And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia, (1Ch 3:7)
And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum. (1Ch 3:15)
And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son. (1Ch 3:16)
And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son, (1Ch 3:17)
Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah. (1Ch 3:18)
And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister: (1Ch 3:19)
And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five. (1Ch 3:20)
And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah. (1Ch 3:21)
And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six. (1Ch 3:22)
And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three. (1Ch 3:23)
And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven. (1Ch 3:24)
And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites. (1Ch 4:2)
And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi: (1Ch 4:3)
And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem. (1Ch 4:4)
And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah. (1Ch 4:5)
And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah. (1Ch 4:6)
And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan. (1Ch 4:7)
And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum. (1Ch 4:8)
And Jabez was more honourable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow. (1Ch 4:9)
And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton. (1Ch 4:11)
And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah. (1Ch 4:12)
And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath. (1Ch 4:13)
And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen. (1Ch 4:14)
And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz. (1Ch 4:15)
And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel. (1Ch 4:16)
And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa. (1Ch 4:17)
And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took. (1Ch 4:18)
And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite. (1Ch 4:19)
And the sons of Shimon were, Amnon, and Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. And the sons of Ishi were, Zoheth, and Benzoheth. (1Ch 4:20)
The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea, (1Ch 4:21)
And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things. (1Ch 4:22)
Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son. (1Ch 4:25)
And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son. (1Ch 4:26)
And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah the son of Amaziah, (1Ch 4:34)
And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel, (1Ch 4:35)
And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah, (1Ch 4:36)
And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah; (1Ch 4:37)
And some of them, even of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi. (1Ch 4:42)
The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son, (1Ch 5:4)
Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son, (1Ch 5:5)
Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites. (1Ch 5:6)
And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah, (1Ch 5:7)
And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baalmeon: (1Ch 5:8)
Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan. (1Ch 5:12)
And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven. (1Ch 5:13)
These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz; (1Ch 5:14)
Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers. (1Ch 5:15)
And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers. (1Ch 5:24)
Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua, (1Ch 6:4)
And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi, (1Ch 6:5)
And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth, (1Ch 6:6)
Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub, (1Ch 6:7)
And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan, (1Ch 6:9)
And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest's office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:) (1Ch 6:10)
And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub, (1Ch 6:11)
And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum, (1Ch 6:12)
And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah, (1Ch 6:13)
And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak, (1Ch 6:14)
Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son, (1Ch 6:20)
Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son. (1Ch 6:21)
Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son, (1Ch 6:23)
Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son. (1Ch 6:24)
And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth. (1Ch 6:25)
As for Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son, (1Ch 6:26)
The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son, (1Ch 6:29)
Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son. (1Ch 6:30)
And these are they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel, (1Ch 6:33)
And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea, (1Ch 6:39)
The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah, (1Ch 6:40)
And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the left hand: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch, (1Ch 6:44)
The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah, (1Ch 6:45)
The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer, (1Ch 6:46)
The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi. (1Ch 6:47)
And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty t
And the sons of Uzzi; Izrahiah: and the sons of Izrahiah; Michael, and Obadiah, and Joel, Ishiah, five: all of them chief men. (1Ch 7:3)
The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three. (1Ch 7:6)
And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimoth, and Iri, five; heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valour; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four. (1Ch 7:7)
And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher. (1Ch 7:8)
The sons also of Jediael; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar. (1Ch 7:10)
Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher. (1Ch 7:12)
The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead: (1Ch 7:14)
And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters. (1Ch 7:15)
And Maachah the wife of Machir bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was Sheresh; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem. (1Ch 7:16)
And the sons of Ulam; Bedan. These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh. (1Ch 7:17)
And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah. (1Ch 7:18)
And the sons of Shemida were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam. (1Ch 7:19)
And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son, (1Ch 7:20)
And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle. (1Ch 7:21)
And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house. (1Ch 7:23)
(And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.) (1Ch 7:24)
And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son, (1Ch 7:25)
Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son, (1Ch 7:26)
And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith. (1Ch 7:31)
And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister. (1Ch 7:32)
And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are the children of Japhlet. (1Ch 7:33)
And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram. (1Ch 7:34)
And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal. (1Ch 7:35)
The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah, (1Ch 7:36)
Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera. (1Ch 7:37)
And the sons of Jether; Jephunneh, and Pispah, and Ara. (1Ch 7:38)
And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia. (1Ch 7:39)
And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud, (1Ch 8:3)
And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah, (1Ch 8:4)
And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud. (1Ch 8:7)
And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives. (1Ch 8:8)
And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham, (1Ch 8:9)
And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers. (1Ch 8:10)
And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal. (1Ch 8:11)
The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof: (1Ch 8:12)
Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath: (1Ch 8:13)
And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth, (1Ch 8:14)
And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader, (1Ch 8:15)
And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah; (1Ch 8:16)
And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber, (1Ch 8:17)
Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal; (1Ch 8:18)
And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi, (1Ch 8:19)
And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel, (1Ch 8:20)
And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi; (1Ch 8:21)
And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel, (1Ch 8:22)
And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan, (1Ch 8:23)
And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah, (1Ch 8:24)
And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak; (1Ch 8:25)
And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah, (1Ch 8:26)
And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham. (1Ch 8:27)
And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife's name was Maachah: (1Ch 8:29)
And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab, (1Ch 8:30)
And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher. (1Ch 8:31)
And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them. (1Ch 8:32)
And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz. (1Ch 8:35)
And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza, (1Ch 8:36)
And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son: (1Ch 8:37)
And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of Azel. (1Ch 8:38)
And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third. (1Ch 8:39)
Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah. (1Ch 9:4)
And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons. (1Ch 9:5)
And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety. (1Ch 9:6)
And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah, (1Ch 9:7)
And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah; (1Ch 9:8)
And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin, (1Ch 9:10)
And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer; (1Ch 9:12)
And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari; (1Ch 9:14)
And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph; (1Ch 9:15)
And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun, and Berechiah the son of Asa, the son of Elkanah, that dwelt in the villages of the Netophathites. (1Ch 9:16)
And the porters were, Shallum, and Akkub, and Talmon, and Ahiman, and their brethren: Shallum was the chief; (1Ch 9:17)
And Shallum the son of Kore, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, and his brethren, of the house of his father, the Korahites, were over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the tabernacle: and their fathers, being over the host of
And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. (1Ch 9:21)
And Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans. (1Ch 9:31)
And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time. (1Ch 11:11)
Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of Ur, (1Ch 11:35)
Hepher the Mecherathite, Ahijah the Pelonite, (1Ch 11:36)
Hezro the Carmelite, Naarai the son of Ezbai, (1Ch 11:37)
Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri, (1Ch 11:38)
Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai, (1Ch 11:41)
Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him, (1Ch 11:42)
Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite, (1Ch 11:43)
Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite, (1Ch 11:44)
Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite, (1Ch 11:45)
Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite, (1Ch 11:46)
Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite. (1Ch 11:47)
The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite, (1Ch 12:3)
And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite, (1Ch 12:4)
Eluzai, and Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite, (1Ch 12:5)
Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites, (1Ch 12:6)
And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor. (1Ch 12:7)
Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third, (1Ch 12:9)
Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth, (1Ch 12:10)
Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh, (1Ch 12:11)
Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth, (1Ch 12:12)
Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh. (1Ch 12:13)
Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, a
As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh. (1Ch 12:20)
Of the sons of Kohath; Uriel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty: (1Ch 15:5)
Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty: (1Ch 15:6)
Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and thirty: (1Ch 15:7)
Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred: (1Ch 15:8)
Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore: (1Ch 15:9)
Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve. (1Ch 15:10)
And with them their brethren of the second degree, Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters. (1Ch 15:18
And Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, and Azaziah, with harps on the Sheminith to excel. (1Ch 15:21)
And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, was for song: he instructed about the song, because he was skilful. (1Ch 15:22)
And Berechiah and Elkanah were doorkeepers for the ark. (1Ch 15:23)
And Shebaniah, and Jehoshaphat, and Nethaneel, and Amasai, and Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God: and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the ark. (1Ch 15:24)
Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God. (1Ch 16:6)
And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters: (1Ch 16:38)
And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel. (1Ch 21:1)
The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three. (1Ch 23:8)
The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan. (1Ch 23:9)
And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei. (1Ch 23:10)
Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief. (1Ch 23:16)
And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many. (1Ch 23:17)
Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief. (1Ch 23:18)
Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth. (1Ch 23:19)
Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah the first, and Jesiah the second. (1Ch 23:20)
The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. The sons of Mahli; Eleazar, and Kish. (1Ch 23:21)
The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three. (1Ch 23:23)
And Shemaiah the son of Nethaneel the scribe, one of the Levites, wrote them before the king, and the princes, and Zadok the priest, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal
Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah, (1Ch 24:7)
The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim, (1Ch 24:8)
The fifth to Malchijah, the sixth to Mijamin, (1Ch 24:9)
The seventh to Hakkoz, the eighth to Abijah, (1Ch 24:10)
The ninth to Jeshua, the tenth to Shecaniah, (1Ch 24:11)
The eleventh to Eliashib, the twelfth to Jakim, (1Ch 24:12)
The thirteenth to Huppah, the fourteenth to Jeshebeab, (1Ch 24:13)
The fifteenth to Bilgah, the sixteenth to Immer, (1Ch 24:14)
The seventeenth to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses, (1Ch 24:15)
The nineteenth to Pethahiah, the twentieth to Jehezekel, (1Ch 24:16)
The one and twentieth to Jachin, the two and twentieth to Gamul, (1Ch 24:17)
The three and twentieth to Delaiah, the four and twentieth to Maaziah. (1Ch 24:18)
And the rest of the sons of Levi were these: Of the sons of Amram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah. (1Ch 24:20)
Concerning Rehabiah: of the sons of Rehabiah, the first was Isshiah. (1Ch 24:21)
Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; Jahath. (1Ch 24:22)
Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah: of the sons of Michah; Shamir. (1Ch 24:24)
The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah; Zechariah. (1Ch 24:25)
The sons of Merari were Mahli and Mushi: the sons of Jaaziah; Beno. (1Ch 24:26)
The sons of Merari by Jaaziah; Beno, and Shoham, and Zaccur, and Ibri. (1Ch 24:27)
Concerning Kish: the son of Kish was Jerahmeel. (1Ch 24:29)
Of the sons of Asaph; Zaccur, and Joseph, and Nethaniah, and Asarelah, the sons of Asaph under the hands of Asaph, which prophesied according to the order of the king. (1Ch 25:2)
Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jeduthun, who prophesied with a harp, to give thanks and to praise the LORD. (1Ch 25:3)
Of Heman: the sons of Heman; Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, and Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, and Romamtiezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth: (1Ch 25:4)
And the sons of Meshelemiah were, Zechariah the firstborn, Jediael the second, Zebadiah the third, Jathniel the fourth, (1Ch 26:2)
Elam the fifth, Jehohanan the sixth, Elioenai the seventh. (1Ch 26:3)
Moreover the sons of Obededom were, Shemaiah the firstborn, Jehozabad the second, Joah the third, and Sacar the fourth, and Nethaneel the fifth, (1Ch 26:4)
Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peulthai the eighth: for God blessed him. (1Ch 26:5)
The sons of Shemaiah; Othni, and Rephael, and Obed, Elzabad, whose brethren were strong men, Elihu, and Semachiah. (1Ch 26:7)
Also Hosah, of the children of Merari, had sons; Simri the chief, (for though he was not the firstborn, yet his father made him the chief;) (1Ch 26:10)
Hilkiah the second, Tebaliah the third, Zechariah the fourth: all the sons and brethren of Hosah were thirteen. (1Ch 26:11)
To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate Shallecheth, by the causeway of the going up, ward against ward. (1Ch 26:16)
And of the Levites, Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of God, and over the treasures of the dedicated things. (1Ch 26:20)
And his brethren by Eliezer; Rehabiah his son, and Jeshaiah his son, and Joram his son, and Zichri his son, and Shelomith his son. (1Ch 26:25)
Of the Izharites, Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over Israel, for officers and judges. (1Ch 26:29)
And of the Hebronites, Hashabiah and his brethren, men of valour, a thousand and seven hundred, were officers among them of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the LORD, and in the service of the king. (1Ch 26:30)
Among the Hebronites was Jerijah the chief, even among the Hebronites, according to the generations of his fathers. In the fortieth year of the reign of David they were sought for, and there were found among them mighty men of valour at Jazer of
Over the first course for the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdiel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. (1Ch 27:2)
And over the course of the second month was Dodai an Ahohite, and of his course was Mikloth also the ruler: in his course likewise were twenty and four thousand. (1Ch 27:4)
This is that Benaiah, who was mighty among the thirty, and above the thirty: and in his course was Ammizabad his son. (1Ch 27:6)
The fourth captain for the fourth month was Asahel the brother of Joab, and Zebadiah his son after him: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. (1Ch 27:7)
The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. (1Ch 27:8)
Furthermore over the tribes of Israel: the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri: of the Simeonites, Shephatiah the son of Maachah: (1Ch 27:16)
Of the Levites, Hashabiah the son of Kemuel: of the Aaronites, Zadok: (1Ch 27:17)
Of Judah, Elihu, one of the brethren of David: of Issachar, Omri the son of Michael: (1Ch 27:18)
Of Zebulun, Ishmaiah the son of Obadiah: of Naphtali, Jerimoth the son of Azriel: (1Ch 27:19)
Of the children of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Azaziah: of the half tribe of Manasseh, Joel the son of Pedaiah: (1Ch 27:20)
Of the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead, Iddo the son of Zechariah: of Benjamin, Jaasiel the son of Abner: (1Ch 27:21)
Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham. These were the princes of the tribes of Israel. (1Ch 27:22)
And over the king's treasures was Azmaveth the son of Adiel: and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, and in the villages, and in the castles, was Jehonathan the son of Uzziah: (1Ch 27:25)
And over them that did the work of the field for tillage of the ground was Ezri the son of Chelub: (1Ch 27:26)
And over the vineyards was Shimei the Ramathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite: (1Ch 27:27)
And over the olive trees and the sycomore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite: and over the cellars of oil was Joash: (1Ch 27:28)
And over the herds that fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the herds that were in the valleys was Shaphat the son of Adlai: (1Ch 27:29)
Over the camels also was Obil the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was Jehdeiah the Meronothite: (1Ch 27:30)
And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite. All these were the rulers of the substance which was king David's. (1Ch 27:31)
Also Jonathan David's uncle was a counsellor, a wise man, and a scribe: and Jehiel the son of Hachmoni was with the king's sons: (1Ch 27:32)
And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah, and Abiathar: and the general of the king's army was Joab. (1Ch 27:34)
And now I have sent a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's, (2Ch 2:13)
Now the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat? (2Ch 9:29)
And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife, and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse; (2Ch 11:18)
Which bare him children; Jeush, and Shamariah, and Zaham. (2Ch 11:19)
And after her he took Maachah the daughter of Absalom; which bare him Abijah, and Attai, and Ziza, and Shelomith. (2Ch 11:20)
He reigned three years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Michaiah the daughter of Uriel of Gibeah. And there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam. (2Ch 13:2)
And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah. (2Ch 14:9)
And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded: (2Ch 15:1)
Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Benhail, and to Obadiah, and to Zechariah, and to Nethaneel, and to Michaiah, to teach in the cities of Judah. (2Ch 17:7)
And with them he sent Levites, even Shemaiah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonijah, and Tobijah, and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, priests. (2Ch 17:8)
And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers: Of Judah, the captains of thousands; Adnah the chief, and with him mighty men of valour three hundred thousand. (2Ch 17:14)
And next to him was Jehohanan the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand. (2Ch 17:15)
And next him was Amasiah the son of Zichri, who willingly offered himself unto the LORD; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valour. (2Ch 17:16)
And of Benjamin; Eliada a mighty man of valour, and with him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand. (2Ch 17:17)
And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war. (2Ch 17:18)
And, behold, Amariah the chief priest is over you in all matters of the LORD; and Zebadiah the son of Ishmael, the ruler of the house of Judah, for all the king's matters: also the Levites shall be officers before you. Deal courageously, and the
Then upon Jahaziel the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the midst of the congregation; (2Ch 20:14)
Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah, the LORD hath broken thy works. And the ships were broken, that they were not able to go to Tarshish. (2Ch 20:37)
And he had brethren the sons of Jehoshaphat, Azariah, and Jehiel, and Zechariah, and Azariah, and Michael, and Shephatiah: all these were the sons of Jehoshaphat king of Israel. (2Ch 21:2)
And in the seventh year Jehoiada strengthened himself, and took the captains of hundreds, Azariah the son of Jeroham, and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan, and Azariah the son of Obed, and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat the son of Zichri,
And the Spirit of God came upon Zechariah the son of Jehoiada the priest, which stood above the people, and said unto them, Thus saith God, Why transgress ye the commandments of the LORD, that ye cannot prosper? because ye have forsaken the LORD,
And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the LORD, God made him to prosper. (2Ch 26:5)
Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king's captains. (2Ch 26:11)
And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of the LORD, that were valiant men: (2Ch 26:17)
And Zichri, a mighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of the house, and Elkanah that was next to the king. (2Ch 28:7)
But a prophet of the LORD was there, whose name was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and said unto them, Behold, because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with Judah, he hath delivered them into your hand, and ye h
Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim, Azariah the son of Johanan, Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth, and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum, and Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came from the war, (2Ch 28:12)
Then the Levites arose, Mahath the son of Amasai, and Joel the son of Azariah, of the sons of the Kohathites: and of the sons of Merari, Kish the son of Abdi, and Azariah the son of Jehalelel: and of the Gershonites; Joah the son of Zimmah, and E
And of the sons of Elizaphan; Shimri, and Jeiel: and of the sons of Asaph; Zechariah, and Mattaniah: (2Ch 29:13)
And of the sons of Heman; Jehiel, and Shimei: and of the sons of Jeduthun; Shemaiah, and Uzziel. (2Ch 29:14)
And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him, and said, Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of the LORD, we have had enough to eat, and have left plenty: for the LORD hath blessed his people; and that w
And brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah the Levite was ruler, and Shimei his brother was the next. (2Ch 31:12)
And Jehiel, and Azaziah, and Nahath, and Asahel, and Jerimoth, and Jozabad, and Eliel, and Ismachiah, and Mahath, and Benaiah, were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and Shimei his brother, at the commandment of Hezekiah the king, and Azariah
And Kore the son of Imnah the Levite, the porter toward the east, was over the freewill offerings of God, to distribute the oblations of the LORD, and the most holy things. (2Ch 31:14)
And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah, in the cities of the priests, in their set office, to give to their brethren by courses, as well to the great as to the small: (2Ch 31:15)
His prayer also, and how God was intreated of him, and all his sin, and his trespass, and the places wherein he built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled: behold, they are written among the sayings of the seers
Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of the LORD his God. (2Ch
And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set it forward; and other of the Levites, all that could sk
And his princes gave willingly unto the people, to the priests, and to the Levites: Hilkiah and Zechariah and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offerings two thousand and six hundred small cattle, and thre
Conaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brethren, and Hashabiah and Jeiel and Jozabad, chief of the Levites, gave unto the Levites for passover offerings five thousand small cattle, and five hundred oxen. (2Ch 35:9)
After all this, when Josiah had prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Carchemish by Euphrates: and Josiah went out against him. (2Ch 35:20)
And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and all the singing men and the singing women spake of Josiah in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in Israel: and, behold, they are written in the lamentations. (2Ch 35:25)
Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and pu
Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah. (Ezr 1:8)
Which came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel: (Ezr 2:2)
The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two. (Ezr 2:3)
The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two. (Ezr 2:4)
The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five. (Ezr 2:5)
The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve. (Ezr 2:6)
The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four. (Ezr 2:7)
The children of Zattu, nine hundred forty and five. (Ezr 2:8)
The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore. (Ezr 2:9)
The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two. (Ezr 2:10)
The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three. (Ezr 2:11)
The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two. (Ezr 2:12)
The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six. (Ezr 2:13)
The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six. (Ezr 2:14)
The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four. (Ezr 2:15)
The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight. (Ezr 2:16)
The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three. (Ezr 2:17)
The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve. (Ezr 2:18)
The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three. (Ezr 2:19)
The children of Gibbar, ninety and five. (Ezr 2:20)
The Levites: the children of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the children of Hodaviah, seventy and four. (Ezr 2:40)
The children of the porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty and nine. (Ezr 2:42)
The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth, (Ezr 2:43)
The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon, (Ezr 2:44)
The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub, (Ezr 2:45)
The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan, (Ezr 2:46)
The children of Giddel, the children of Gahar, the children of Reaiah, (Ezr 2:47)
The children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda, the children of Gazzam, (Ezr 2:48)
The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the children of Besai, (Ezr 2:49)
The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim, (Ezr 2:50)
The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur, (Ezr 2:51)
The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha, (Ezr 2:52)
The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Thamah, (Ezr 2:53)
The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha. (Ezr 2:54)
The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Peruda, (Ezr 2:55)
The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel, (Ezr 2:56)
The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami. (Ezr 2:57)
The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty and two. (Ezr 2:60)
And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name: (Ezr 2:61)
Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their brethren the Levites. (Ezr 3:9)
And hired counsellors against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia. (Ezr 4:5)
And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem. (Ezr 4:6)
And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue. (Ezr 4:7)
Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort: (Ezr 4:8)
And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnappar brought over, and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time. (Ezr 4:10)
Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them. (Ezr 5:1)
At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai, and their companions, and said thus unto them, Who hath commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall? (Ezr 5:3)
And the elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they builded, and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the command
Now after these things, in the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia, Ezra the son of Seraiah, the son of Azariah, the son of Hilkiah, (Ezr 7:1)
Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of David; Hattush. (Ezr 8:2)
Of the sons of Shechaniah, of the sons of Pharosh; Zechariah: and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty. (Ezr 8:3)
Of the sons of Pahathmoab; Elihoenai the son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred males. (Ezr 8:4)
Of the sons of Shechaniah; the son of Jahaziel, and with him three hundred males. (Ezr 8:5)
Of the sons also of Adin; Ebed the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty males. (Ezr 8:6)
And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him seventy males. (Ezr 8:7)
And of the sons of Shephatiah; Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him fourscore males. (Ezr 8:8)
Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males. (Ezr 8:9)
And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males. (Ezr 8:10)
And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males. (Ezr 8:11)
And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males. (Ezr 8:12)
And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males. (Ezr 8:13)
Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males. (Ezr 8:14)
Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding. (Ezr 8:16)
And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our Go
And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of Levi, the son of Israel; and Sherebiah, with his sons and his brethren, eighteen; (Ezr 8:18)
And Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his brethren and their sons, twenty; (Ezr 8:19)
Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and
And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, one of the sons of Elam, answered and said unto Ezra, We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wives of the people of the land: yet now there is hope in Israel concerning this thing. (Ezr 10:2)
Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and when he came thither, he did eat no bread, nor drink water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them that had been carried aw
Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter: and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them. (Ezr 10:15)
And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah. (Ezr 10:18)
And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah. (Ezr 10:20)
And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah. (Ezr 10:21)
And of the sons of Pashur; Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, Nethaneel, Jozabad, and Elasah. (Ezr 10:22)
Also of the Levites; Jozabad, and Shimei, and Kelaiah, (the same is Kelita,) Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer. (Ezr 10:23)
Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and Uri. (Ezr 10:24)
Moreover of Israel: of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and Malchiah, and Miamin, and Eleazar, and Malchijah, and Benaiah. (Ezr 10:25)
And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and Jeremoth, and Eliah. (Ezr 10:26)
And of the sons of Zattu; Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and Zabad, and Aziza. (Ezr 10:27)
Of the sons also of Bebai; Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and Athlai. (Ezr 10:28)
And of the sons of Bani; Meshullam, Malluch, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal, and Ramoth. (Ezr 10:29)
And of the sons of Pahathmoab; Adna, and Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh. (Ezr 10:30)
And of the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon, (Ezr 10:31)
Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah. (Ezr 10:32)
Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, and Shimei. (Ezr 10:33)
Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel, (Ezr 10:34)
Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh, (Ezr 10:35)
Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib, (Ezr 10:36)
Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau, (Ezr 10:37)
And Bani, and Binnui, Shimei, (Ezr 10:38)
And Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah, (Ezr 10:39)
Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai, (Ezr 10:40)
Azareel, and Shelemiah, Shemariah, (Ezr 10:41)
Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph. (Ezr 10:42)
Of the sons of Nebo; Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel, Benaiah. (Ezr 10:43)
The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace, (Neh 1:1)
That Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem. (Neh 1:2)
And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king's forest, that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I shall enter into. And the king gr
When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of Israel. (Neh 2:10)
But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that ye do? will ye rebel against the king? (Neh 2:19)
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel. (Neh 3:1)
And next unto him builded the men of Jericho. And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri. (Neh 3:2)
But the fish gate did the sons of Hassenaah build, who also laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof. (Neh 3:3)
And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repaired Zadok the son of Baana. (Neh 3:4)
Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof. (Neh 3:6)
And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of Gibeon, and of Mizpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the river. (Neh 3:7)
Next unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem unto the broad wall. (Neh 3:8)
And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem. (Neh 3:9)
And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph, even over against his house. And next unto him repaired Hattush the son of Hashabniah. (Neh 3:10)
Malchijah the son of Harim, and Hashub the son of Pahathmoab, repaired the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces. (Neh 3:11)
And next unto him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters. (Neh 3:12)
The valley gate repaired Hanun, and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits on the wall unto the dung gate. (Neh 3:13)
But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the ruler of part of Bethhaccerem; he built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof. (Neh 3:14)
But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh, the ruler of part of Mizpah; he built it, and covered it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's g
After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Bethzur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty. (Neh 3:16)
After him repaired the Levites, Rehum the son of Bani. Next unto him repaired Hashabiah, the ruler of the half part of Keilah, in his part. (Neh 3:17)
After him repaired their brethren, Bavai the son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah. (Neh 3:18)
And next to him repaired Ezer the son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning of the wall. (Neh 3:19)
After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired the other piece, from the turning of the wall unto the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest. (Neh 3:20)
After him repaired Benjamin and Hashub over against their house. After him repaired Azariah the son of Maaseiah the son of Ananiah by his house. (Neh 3:23)
After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the wall, even unto the corner. (Neh 3:24)
Palal the son of Uzai, over against the turning of the wall, and the tower which lieth out from the king's high house, that was by the court of the prison. After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh. (Neh 3:25)
After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate. (Neh 3:29)
After him repaired Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber. (Neh 3:30)
After him repaired Malchiah the goldsmith's son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner. (Neh 3:31)
Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay t
My God, think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear. (Neh 6:14)
For there were many in Judah sworn unto him, because he was the son in law of Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his son Johanan had taken the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah. (Neh 6:18)
That I gave my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the ruler of the palace, charge over Jerusalem: for he was a faithful man, and feared God above many. (Neh 7:2)
Who came with Zerubbabel, Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, Baanah. The number, I say, of the men of the people of Israel was this; (Neh 7:7)
And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, an
Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people stood in their place. (Neh 8:7)
Then stood up upon the stairs, of the Levites, Jeshua, and Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and Chenani, and cried with a loud voice unto the LORD their God. (Neh 9:4)
Then the Levites, Jeshua, and Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, Stand up and bless the LORD your God for ever and ever: and blessed be thy glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.
Now those that sealed were, Nehemiah, the Tirshatha, the son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah, (Neh 10:1)
Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah, (Neh 10:2)
Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah, (Neh 10:3)
Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch, (Neh 10:4)
Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah, (Neh 10:5)
Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch, (Neh 10:6)
Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin, (Neh 10:7)
Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these were the priests. (Neh 10:8)
And the Levites: both Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, Kadmiel; (Neh 10:9)
Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah, (Neh 10:11)
Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah, (Neh 10:12)
Hodijah, Bani, Beninu. (Neh 10:13)
The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani, (Neh 10:14)
Bunni, Azgad, Bebai, (Neh 10:15)
Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin, (Neh 10:16)
Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur, (Neh 10:17)
Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai, (Neh 10:18)
Hariph, Anathoth, Nebai, (Neh 10:19)
Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir, (Neh 10:20)
Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua, (Neh 10:21)
Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah, (Neh 10:22)
Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub, (Neh 10:23)
Hallohesh, Pileha, Shobek, (Neh 10:24)
Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah, (Neh 10:25)
And Ahijah, Hanan, Anan, (Neh 10:26)
Malluch, Harim, Baanah. (Neh 10:27)
And at Jerusalem dwelt certain of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin. Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children
And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni. (Neh 11:5)
And these are the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah. (Neh 11:7)
And after him Gabbai, Sallai, nine hundred twenty and eight. (Neh 11:8)
And Joel the son of Zichri was their overseer: and Judah the son of Senuah was second over the city. (Neh 11:9)
And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchiah, (Neh 11:12)
And their brethren, mighty men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, the son of one of the great men. (Neh 11:14)
Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the son of Hashub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni; (Neh 11:15)
And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God. (Neh 11:16)
And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun. (Neh 11:17
But the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel: and Ziha and Gispa were over the Nethinims. (Neh 11:21)
The overseer also of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha. Of the sons of Asaph, the singers were over the business of the house of God. (Neh 11:22)
And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, was at the king's hand in all matters concerning the people. (Neh 11:24)
Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra, (Neh 12:1)
Iddo, Ginnetho, Abijah, (Neh 12:4)
Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, Jedaiah. These were the chief of the priests and of their brethren in the days of Jeshua. (Neh 12:7)
Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, and Mattaniah, which was over the thanksgiving, he and his brethren. (Neh 12:8)
Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, were over against them in the watches. (Neh 12:9)
And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Joiakim also begat Eliashib, and Eliashib begat Joiada, (Neh 12:10)
And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua. (Neh 12:11)
And in the days of Joiakim were priests, the chief of the fathers: of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah; (Neh 12:12)
Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan; (Neh 12:13)
Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph; (Neh 12:14)
Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai; (Neh 12:15)
Of Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam; (Neh 12:16)
Of Abijah, Zichri; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai; (Neh 12:17)
Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan; (Neh 12:18)
And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi; (Neh 12:19)
Of Sallai, Kallai; of Amok, Eber; (Neh 12:20)
Of Hilkiah, Hashabiah; of Jedaiah, Nethaneel. (Neh 12:21)
The Levites in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, and Johanan, and Jaddua, were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian. (Neh 12:22)
And the chief of the Levites: Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel, with their brethren over against them, to praise and to give thanks, according to the commandment of David the man of God, ward over against ward. (Neh 12:24)
Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub, were porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates. (Neh 12:25)
And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of Judah, (Neh 12:32)
Judah, and Benjamin, and Shemaiah, and Jeremiah, (Neh 12:34)
And certain of the priests' sons with trumpets; namely, Zechariah the son of Jonathan, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of Asaph: (Neh 12:35)
And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them. (Neh 12:36)
And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Hananiah, with trumpets; (Neh 12:41)
And Maaseiah, and Shemaiah, and Eleazar, and Uzzi, and Jehohanan, and Malchijah, and Elam, and Ezer. And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah their overseer. (Neh 12:42)
And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, was allied unto Tobiah: (Neh 13:4)
And I made treasurers over the treasuries, Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, Pedaiah: and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah: for they were counted faithful, and their office was to distri
And one of the sons of Joiada, the son of Eliashib the high priest, was son in law to Sanballat the Horonite: therefore I chased him from me. (Neh 13:28)
Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house which belonged to king Ahasuerus. (Est 1:9)
On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king, (Est 1:10)
And the next unto him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king's face, and which sat the first in the kingdom;) (Est 1:14)
And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king's chamberlain, keeper of the wom
Now in Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite; (Est 2:5)
And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter. (Est 2:7)
In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and t
Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed. And E
In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus. (Est 2:21)
After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were with him. (Est 3:1)
Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king's chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was. (Est 4:5)
Nevertheless Haman refrained himself: and when he came home, he sent and called for his friends, and Zeresh his wife. (Est 5:10)
And Harbonah, one of the chamberlains, said before the king, Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for Mordecai, who had spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman. Then the king said, Hang him thereon. (E
And Parshandatha, and Dalphon, and Aspatha, (Est 9:7)
And Poratha, and Adalia, and Aridatha, (Est 9:8)
And Parmashta, and Arisai, and Aridai, and Vajezatha, (Est 9:9)
There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and eschewed evil. (Job 1:1)
Now when Job's three friends heard of all this evil that was come upon him, they came every one from his own place; Eliphaz the Temanite, and Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite: for they had made an appointment together to come to mour
Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified himself rather than God. (Job 32:2)
And he called the name of the first, Jemima; and the name of the second, Kezia; and the name of the third, Kerenhappuch. (Job 42:14)
Psa 7:Title
The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the man spake unto Ithiel, even unto Ithiel and Ucal, (Pro 30:1)
The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught him. (Pro 31:1)
Then said the LORD unto Isaiah, Go forth now to meet Ahaz, thou, and Shearjashub thy son, at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field; (Isa 7:3)
Let us go up against Judah, and vex it, and let us make a breach therein for us, and set a king in the midst of it, even the son of Tabeal: (Isa 7:6)
Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel. (Isa 7:14)
Moreover the LORD said unto me, Take thee a great roll, and write in it with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz. (Isa 8:1)
And I took unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah. (Isa 8:2)
How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations! (Isa 14:12)
Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasurer, even unto Shebna, which is over the house, and say, (Isa 22:15)
The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, of the priests that were in Anathoth in the land of Benjamin: (Jer 1:1)
Now Pashur the son of Immer the priest, who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD, heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things. (Jer 20:1)
The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashur the son of Melchiah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, saying, (Jer 21:1)
Pharaoh king of Egypt, and his servants, and his princes, and all his people; (Jer 25:19)
Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and spake to all the people of Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Zion shall be plowed like a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house
And there was also a man that prophesied in the name of the LORD, Urijah the son of Shemaiah of Kirjathjearim, who prophesied against this city and against this land according to all the words of Jeremiah: (Jer 26:20)
And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt, namely, Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men with him into Egypt. (Jer 26:22)
And it came to pass the same year, in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the fourth year, and in the fifth month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, which was of Gibeon, spake unto me in the house of the LORD, in the
By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan, and Gemariah the son of Hilkiah, (whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon) saying, (Jer 29:3)
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, of Ahab the son of Kolaiah, and of Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, which prophesy a lie unto you in my name; Behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall
Thus shalt thou also speak to Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying, (Jer 29:24)
The LORD hath made thee priest in the stead of Jehoiada the priest, that ye should be officers in the house of the LORD, for every man that is mad, and maketh himself a prophet, that thou shouldest put him in prison, and in the stocks. (Jer 29:26
Behold, Hanameel the son of Shallum thine uncle shall come unto thee, saying, Buy thee my field that is in Anathoth: for the right of redemption is thine to buy it. (Jer 32:7)
And I gave the evidence of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, in the sight of Hanameel mine uncle's son, and in the presence of the witnesses that subscribed the book of the purchase, before all the Jews that sat in
Then I took Jaazaniah the son of Jeremiah, the son of Habaziniah, and his brethren, and all his sons, and the whole house of the Rechabites; (Jer 35:3)
And I brought them into the house of the LORD, into the chamber of the sons of Hanan, the son of Igdaliah, a man of God, which was by the chamber of the princes, which was above the chamber of Maaseiah the son of Shallum, the keeper of the door:
Then read Baruch in the book the words of Jeremiah in the house of the LORD, in the chamber of Gemariah the son of Shaphan the scribe, in the higher court, at the entry of the new gate of the LORD'S house, in the ears of all the people. (Jer 36:1
When Michaiah the son of Gemariah, the son of Shaphan, had heard out of the book all the words of the LORD, (Jer 36:11)
Then he went down into the king's house, into the scribe's chamber: and, lo, all the princes sat there, even Elishama the scribe, and Delaiah the son of Shemaiah, and Elnathan the son of Achbor, and Gemariah the son of Shaphan, and Zedekiah the s
Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Cushi, unto Baruch, saying, Take in thine hand the roll wherein thou hast read in the ears of the people, and come. So Baruch the son of Neriah took the
But the king commanded Jerahmeel the son of Hammelech, and Seraiah the son of Azriel, and Shelemiah the son of Abdeel, to take Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the prophet: but the LORD hid them. (Jer 36:26)
And Zedekiah the king sent Jehucal the son of Shelemiah and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest to the prophet Jeremiah, saying, Pray now unto the LORD our God for us. (Jer 37:3)
Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and when the Chaldeans that besieged Jerusalem heard tidings of them, they departed from Jerusalem. (Jer 37:5)
And when he was in the gate of Benjamin, a captain of the ward was there, whose name was Irijah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Hananiah; and he took Jeremiah the prophet, saying, Thou fallest away to the Chaldeans. (Jer 37:13)
Wherefore the princes were wroth with Jeremiah, and smote him, and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe: for they had made that the prison. (Jer 37:15)
Then Shephatiah the son of Mattan, and Gedaliah the son of Pashur, and Jucal the son of Shelemiah, and Pashur the son of Malchiah, heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken unto all the people, saying, (Jer 38:1)
Then took they Jeremiah, and cast him into the dungeon of Malchiah the son of Hammelech, that was in the court of the prison: and they let down Jeremiah with cords. And in the dungeon there was no water, but mire: so Jeremiah sunk in the mire. (J
Now when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs which was in the king's house, heard that they had put Jeremiah in the dungeon; the king then sitting in the gate of Benjamin; (Jer 38:7)
And all the princes of the king of Babylon came in, and sat in the middle gate, even Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsechim, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, with all the residue of the princes of the king of Babylon. (Jer 39:3)
So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent, and Nebushasban, Rabsaris, and Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the king of Babylon's princes; (Jer 39:13)
Then they came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan and Jonathan the sons of Kareah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth, and the sons of Ephai the Netophathite, and Jezaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their
And said unto him, Dost thou certainly know that Baalis the king of the Ammonites hath sent Ishmael the son of Nethaniah to slay thee? But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam believed them not. (Jer 40:14)
Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near, (Jer 42:1)
The word which Jeremiah the prophet commanded Seraiah the son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, when he went with Zedekiah the king of Judah into Babylon in the fourth year of his reign. And this Seraiah was a quiet prince. (Jer 51:59)
The word of the LORD came expressly unto Ezekiel the priest, the son of Buzi, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him. (Eze 1:3)
And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan, with every man his censer in his hand; and a thick cloud of incense went up. (Eze 8:11)
Moreover the spirit lifted me up, and brought me unto the east gate of the LORD'S house, which looketh eastward: and behold at the door of the gate five and twenty men; among whom I saw Jaazaniah the son of Azur, and Pelatiah the son of Benaiah,
Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness, saith the Lord GOD. (Eze 14:14)
Son of man, there were two women, the daughters of one mother: (Eze 23:2)
And the names of them were Aholah the elder, and Aholibah her sister: and they were mine, and they bare sons and daughters. Thus were their names; Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem Aholibah. (Eze 23:4)
So I spake unto the people in the morning: and at even my wife died; and I did in the morning as I was commanded. (Eze 24:18)
Son of man, set thy face against Gog, the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him, (Eze 38:2)
And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's seed, and of the princes; (Dan 1:3)
Now among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: (Dan 1:6)
Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom the prince of the eunuchs had set over Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, (Dan 1:11)
Then Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, which was gone forth to slay the wise men of Babylon: (Dan 2:14)
Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand. (Dan 5:1)
And Darius the Median took the kingdom, being about threescore and two years old. (Dan 5:31)
And I heard a man's voice between the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision. (Dan 8:16)
But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia. (Dan 10:13)
The word of the LORD that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel. (Hos 1:1)
So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare him a son. (Hos 1:3)
And the LORD said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel. (Hos 1:4)
And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said unto him, Call her name Loruhamah: for I will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away. (Hos 1:6)
Then said God, Call his name Loammi: for ye are not my people, and I will not be your God. (Hos 1:9)
The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel. (Joe 1:1)
The words of Amos, who was among the herdmen of Tekoa, which he saw concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake. (Amo 1:1)
Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words. (Amo 7:10)
The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent among the heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle. (Oba 1:1)
The burden of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite. (Nah 1:1)
The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see. (Hab 1:1)
The word of the LORD which came unto Zephaniah the son of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of Hizkiah, in the days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah. (Zep 1:1)
In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying, (Zec 1:1)
Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah, and of Jedaiah, which are come from Babylon, and come thou the same day, and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah; (Zec 6:10)
When they had sent unto the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men, to pray before the LORD, (Zec 7:2)
The burden of the word of the LORD to Israel by Malachi. (Mal 1:1)
And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse; (Mat 1:5)
And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor; (Mat 1:13)
And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud; (Mat 1:14)
And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob; (Mat 1:15)
And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ. (Mat 1:16)
Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem, (Mat 2:1)
But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee: (Mat 2:22)
In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea, (Mat 3:1)
And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers. (Mat 4:18)
And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them. (Mat 4:21)
And when Jesus was come into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother laid, and sick of a fever. (Mat 8:14)
And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him. (Mat 9:9)
Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus; (Mat 10:3)
Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him. (Mat 10:4)
Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas? (Mat 13:55)
At that time Herod the tetrarch heard of the fame of Jesus, (Mat 14:1)
For Herod had laid hold on John, and bound him, and put him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife. (Mat 14:3)
But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Herodias danced before them, and pleased Herod. (Mat 14:6)
Then came to him the mother of Zebedee's children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him. (Mat 20:20)
Then assembled together the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders of the people, unto the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas, (Mat 26:3)
Now when Jesus was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper, (Mat 26:6)
And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor. (Mat 27:2)
And they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas. (Mat 27:16)
And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross. (Mat 27:32)
Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedee's children. (Mat 27:56)
When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple: (Mat 27:57)
And as he passed by, he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitting at the receipt of custom, and said unto him, Follow me. And he arose and followed him. (Mar 2:14)
And, behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet, (Mar 5:22)
And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging. (Mar 10:46)
And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross. (Mar 15:21)
There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome; (Mar 15:40)
It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus, (Luk 1:3)
There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elisabeth. (Luk 1:5)
And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed. (Luk 2:1)
And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.) (Luk 2:2)
And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him. (Luk 2:25)
And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity; (Luk 2:36)
Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abi
Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness. (Luk 3:2)
And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was the son of Heli, (Luk 3:23)
Which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi, which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Janna, which was the son of Joseph, (Luk 3:24)
Which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Amos, which was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge, (Luk 3:25)
Which was the son of Maath, which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Semei, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Juda, (Luk 3:26)
Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the son of Neri, (Luk 3:27)
Which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Addi, which was the son of Cosam, which was the son of Elmodam, which was the son of Er, (Luk 3:28)
Which was the son of Jose, which was the son of Eliezer, which was the son of Jorim, which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi, (Luk 3:29)
Which was the son of Simeon, which was the son of Juda, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Jonan, which was the son of Eliakim, (Luk 3:30)
Which was the son of Melea, which was the son of Menan, which was the son of Mattatha, which was the son of Nathan, which was the son of David, (Luk 3:31)
Which was the son of Cainan, which was the son of Arphaxad, which was the son of Sem, which was the son of Noe, which was the son of Lamech, (Luk 3:36)
And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he saith, Master, say on. (Luk 7:40)
And Joanna the wife of Chuza Herod's steward, and Susanna, and many others, which ministered unto him of their substance. (Luk 8:3)
Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house. (Luk 10:38)
And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus' feet, and heard his word. (Luk 10:39)
And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores, (Luk 16:20)
And, behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus, which was the chief among the publicans, and he was rich. (Luk 19:2)
And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days? (Luk 24:18)
And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone. (Joh 1:42)
Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. (Joh 1:45)
There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews: (Joh 3:1)
He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve. (Joh 6:71)
Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha. (Joh 11:1)
Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus. (Joh 18:10)
And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year. (Joh 18:13)
Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene. (Joh 19:25)
And they appointed two, Joseph called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus, and Matthias. (Act 1:23)
And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem. (Act 4:6)
And Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the country of Cyprus, (Act 4:36)
But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession, (Act 5:1)
Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space; (Act 5:34)
For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hundred, joined themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to nought. (Act 5:36)
After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed. (Act 5:37)
And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch: (Act 6:5)
And cast him out of the city, and stoned him: and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul. (Act 7:58)
But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one: (Act 8:9)
Then Simon himself believed also: and when he was baptized, he continued with Philip, and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done. (Act 8:13)
And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship, (Act 8:27)
And there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and to him said the Lord in a vision, Ananias. And he said, Behold, I am here, Lord. (Act 9:10)
And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight, and enquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he prayeth, (Act 9:11)
And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy. (Act 9:33)
Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did. (Act 9:36)
There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band, (Act 10:1)
And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar. (Act 11:28)
Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church. (Act 12:1)
And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying. (Act 12:12)
And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda. (Act 12:13)
And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country. (Act 12:20)
Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul. (Act 13:1)
And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus: (Act 13:6)
Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man; who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God. (Act 13:7)
Then pleased it the apostles and elders, with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas, and Silas, chief men among the brethren: (Act 15:22)
Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, which was a Jewess, and believed; but his father was a Greek: (Act 16:1)
And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto the things which were spoken of Paul. (Act 16:14)
But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people. (Act
Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them. (Act 17:34)
And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them. (Act 18:2)
And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue. (Act 18:7)
And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized. (Act 18:8)
And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews made insurrection with one accord against Paul, and brought him to the judgment seat, (Act 18:12)
Then all the Greeks took Sosthenes, the chief ruler of the synagogue, and beat him before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things. (Act 18:17)
And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus. (Act 18:24)
But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil of that way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus. (Act 19:9)
And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so. (Act 19:14)
So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season. (Act 19:22)
For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen; (Act 19:24)
And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul's companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre. (Act 19:29)
And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defence unto the people. (Act 19:33)
And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus. (Act 20:4)
And there sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus, being fallen into a deep sleep: and as Paul was long preaching, he sunk down with sleep, and fell down from the third loft, and was taken up dead. (Act 20:9)
There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge. (Act 21:16)
And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth. (Act 23:2)
And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe unto Felix the governor. (Act 23:24)
Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting. (Act 23:26)
And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and with a certain orator named Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul. (Act 24:1)
And after certain days, when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him concerning the faith in Christ. (Act 24:24)
But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix' room: and Felix, willing to shew the Jews a pleasure, left Paul bound. (Act 24:27)
And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus. (Act 25:13)
And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band. (Act 27:1)
In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously. (Act 28:7)
I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea: (Rom 16:1)
Likewise greet the church that is in their house. Salute my wellbeloved Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ. (Rom 16:5)
Greet Mary, who bestowed much labour on us. (Rom 16:6)
Salute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellowprisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me. (Rom 16:7)
Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord. (Rom 16:8)
Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved. (Rom 16:9)
Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household. (Rom 16:10)
Salute Herodion my kinsman. Greet them that be of the household of Narcissus, which are in the Lord. (Rom 16:11)
Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which laboured much in the Lord. (Rom 16:12)
Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine. (Rom 16:13)
Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with them. (Rom 16:14)
Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them. (Rom 16:15)
I Tertius, who wrote this epistle, salute you in the Lord. (Rom 16:22)
Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother. (Rom 16:23)
For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you. (1Co 1:11)
And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other. (1Co 1:16)
I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied. (1Co 16:17)
I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I went from thence into Macedonia. (2Co 2:13)
In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me: (2Co 11:32)
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. (2Co 13:14)
Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants. (Php 2:25)
I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord. (Php 4:2)
And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life. (Php 4:3)
As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ; (Col 1:7)
With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known unto you all things which are done here. (Col 4:9)
Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister's son to Barnabas, (touching whom ye received commandments: if he come unto you, receive him;) (Col 4:10)
And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me. (Col 4:11)
Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you. (Col 4:14)
And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord, that thou fulfil it. (Col 4:17)
Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme. (1Ti 1:20)
When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also. (2Ti 1:5)
This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes. (2Ti 1:15)
The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain: (2Ti 1:16)
And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus; (2Ti 2:17)
Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith. (2Ti 3:8)
For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia. (2Ti 4:10)
Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren. (2Ti 4:21)
The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.  (2Ti 4:22)
When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter. (Tit 3:12)
Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them. (Tit 3:13)
Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer, (Phm 1:1)
And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house: (Phm 1:2)
The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth. (3Jo 1:1)
I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not. (3Jo 1:9)
I know thy works, and where thou dwellest, even where Satan's seat is: and thou holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth. (Rev 2:1
And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon. (Rev 9:11)